[Streams] Document wired streams on by default (#5899)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/streams/wired-streams.md

:::::

:::{warning}

> The `/logs` endpoint is deprecated in {{stack}} 9.4 and replaced by the `logs.otel` and `logs.ecs` endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:applies_to: stack: 9.4
The `/logs` endpoint is deprecated and replaced by the `logs.otel` and `logs.ecs` endpoints.
```
So this is publishable yet doesn't announce versions, also maybe serverless?

Author: fixed!
